I'm going to talk about two things in this
video.
The first thing is how to set your working
directory.
And the second thing is how to edit R code
files using the text editor.
So, when you start up R you, it's
important to know what your working
directory is.
Because the working directory is where R
reads and write files to the computer.
And if you don't know where that directory
is, then you're not going to be able to,
find any of the files that you save, or
any of the data that you write out.
So when you start up R, you can find out
what your working directory is by just
typing the function getwd.
And you can see that I've loaded up R here
and it, and it sets my working directory
to be /Users/rdpeng, which on the Mac is
just your home directory.
So this may work but in, if you store all
your
files in your home directory but you may
want to change your working
directory to be something else if happen
to store all of your
data and code files in a different
directory maybe a sub directory.
So for example I can go to the Misc
menu here and just hit, and choose Change
Working Directory.
And I can choose one of these directories
to be my working directory.
Now before I go, the first thing I want to
mention actually is, that if you want to
read a file, then that file has to be
in your working directory, otherwise
you'll get an error.
So for example, suppose I want to read a
data file
using read.csv and I want to read the
mydata.csv file, okay?
So if this file is in my working directory
then I'll be
able to read the data, and it will load it
into R.
But if it's not, I'll get an error like
this,
because the file can't be found in my
working directory.
So one thing I could do is I can change my
working directory to be, to be wherever
that file happens to be.
So I'll choose the class directory here.
And if I type dir in this directory, it'll
list all the files in this directory.
And now you can see, oh mydata.csv is in
this directory.
So I'm going to, now I can read the file
into R by typ,
using read.csv and now you'll see that the
data will appear in R.
So so knowing what your working directory
is and
being able to set it is important because
then
you'll, it'll give you, it will give you
access
to all the files that you need in R.
In particular, when you save files say
from the
web on to your computer, you need to know
where
those files are stored on your computer
and so that
you can set your working directory to the
appropriate place.
Or you can move those files into your
working directory.
I recommend for this class that you, that
you create a specific
directory for this class and store all the
files in that class.
That way you don't have to worry about
changing directories all the time.
One thing you can do is maybe just create
a directory right
here on your desktop, so I'm going to
create a directory here called Coursera.
And now, when I'm in R, I can say Change
Direc, Change Working Directory here.
And if I go to my desktop I can choose my
Coursera folder there.
And now, when I, when I say getwd, you'll
see that
it has set the working directory to be my
Coursera folder.
So now if you save files in there, you,
they will
be there, then you can, and you can read
them from R.
So that may be the be, the easiest thing
for one to do.
So the one thing that you're going to have
to do a lot of in this course
is to write code in R, and to, and you're
going to need an editor to do that.
So one nice thing about R on the Mac is
that it
comes with a text editor that you can use
to edit code files.
So I can load up the text editor by
clicking on this little button right here.
And this gives me an empty file.
So I'm going to move this over here.
And you can start editing code right away.
So I can say, I can create a myfunctions,
so call it myfunctions,
and I can, it, it will start indenting
things.
So I can say, you know, x is, rnorm, 100.
And this function, is going to just take
the mean of x here.
So, actually, let me just change this to
y.
And, and it just returns the mean.
So it ignores the argument for now.
So, and then, and then one thing you're
going to have to
do is, is figure out how to get this code
into R.
So what you'll notice, if I just type my
function here,
it's not going to be able to find it
because the code has not been loaded into
R.
If I type ls, you'll see that there are no
objects in my work space.
So, the question is, how do I get this
code that I've written over here, into R?
Well, the easiest thing you can do, if you
just have a little
bit of the code, is just to hit Select
All, so this is Cmd+A.
Or you can go to the Edit menu and just
hit Select All.
And then Cmd+C copies the code and then I
can click into my console window over
here, hit a Cmd+V and and then return and
it will paste my function into R.
So now if I type ls you'll see that my
function is an object in my workspace.
So I can say myfunction.
And it will return the mean of a hundred
random normal
variables, which is not very interesting,
but the function does work.
So the other thing you can do is you can
save this file.
I can go to the File menu and I want to
Save As.
So I haven't saved this file before, so I
need to Save As.
And I'm going to go into my Coursera
folder and I'm, I'm going to save
it as myfunction and it is typical to add
the .r extension for code files.
And I can hit Save.
And so now, I want, I can double check my
working directory, and make sure I'm in
the right place here.
Yeah, I'm in the Coursera, working
directory.
If I type dir, you'll see that my, the
myfunction.r file is there now.
So I can just source the file,
myfunction.r.
And it will have the same, it will have
the same effect as cutting and pasting.
So I, so I haven't done anything new
because I already cut and pasted that
function.
But one thing I can do, I can write,
I can write another function here so, say,
I'll call
it second to indicate it's the second
function, and
it's going to take the input x, oop,
excuse me.
And it's going to add a little bit of
noise to it.
And that's all it's going to do.
It's going to return that.
So so what, now before I do anything, I
need to,
now that I've changed the file, I need to
save it.
So I can just go to File > Save, or you
can do Cmd+S.
And now I can source my, this, this file
into R again.
And you'll notice I type ls, I got a, I
have my second function there.
So if I type this out, you'll see that's
the code for it.
So now I'll say second I say four and I
return four plus a little bit of noise.
If I do it again, it'll be four plus a
little bit of more noise.
I can give it four through ten and it
gives me
each one of those numbers with a little
bit of noise.
So that's how I write code in R.
And that's how I can use the text editor,
that comes with R.
If I want to create a new file, I can hit
this button.
Again it'll give me a new file that I can,
you know, save
this under a different filename if I want
I'm not going to use that now.
So I close this window and and that's how
you
can use the the text editor in R for the
Mac.
The text editor that comes with R is very
simple but it will definitely be
sufficient for this class.
So there's even though there are other
kind of custom text editors that
you can, may be able to find on the web
and download for free.
You don't have to do that, the text editor
that comes with R should be sufficient for
this class.